Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
The stranger officiates the meal.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Brad came to dinner with us.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Two seats were vacant.
We have a lot of rain in June.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
I am out of paper for the printer.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Of all the places to travel, Mexico is at the top of my list.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
She did her best to help him.
We all agreed; it was a magnificent evening.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
The music is too loud for my ears.
How do you like RandomWordGenerator.com?
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
Not all people who wander are lost.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.